---
title: Mini Game Rust & Wasm
date: 20th Oct 2024
description: 
image: /blogs-img/title_knight.png
alt: Anyone can bring their game ideas to life.
ogImage: /blogs-img/blog4.jpg
tags: ['rust', 'wasm', 'webassembly']
published: true
---  

Anyone can bring their game ideas to life.

### Introduction

When I was a kid, it was a friend who introduced me to the joy of programming. My friend used code they had created to move characters on a very small monitor. I still remember how excited I felt seeing the characters move just like my friend had made them. 
Recently, I just finished coding a mini-game inspired by one my friend made years ago! It brought back so many memories.
My goal is to create a world filled with the nostalgic atmosphere of retro games through making countless games, even though I'm still learning how to express myself.

[Knight / Programing Retro Mini Game in Rust & Wasm in Github](https://github.com/myurioka/Knight)

Here are the websites I referred to when coding the game loop.

[Game-Development-with-Rust-and-WebAssembly](https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Game-Development-with-Rust-and-WebAssembly)


### It was a fun experience to code a game

Forty years ago, my first personal computer was an MSX2. I enjoyed programming by typing in the source code published in BASIC Magazine. The first program I typed was a racing game similar to the one I've created recently. Though my memory is a bit hazy, I recall the walls being represented by "#" and the car by a diamond character "♢". I remember spending hours correcting typos while referencing the magazine's source code. The joy I felt when the copied program finally ran is something I'll never forget. The excitement of seeing a program come to life hasn't changed at all, even now.